also ask him as a politician
this so is science literacy
kinda brain wiring that he had
with him
do that perfect any the meetings
that he wasn't
nor is peace talks for which she
at one point which sure the
Nobel Prize and he said by all
means he walks into a room in
your zip
is a deeper sense of what is and
is not true about the world
the objective truth that the
methods and tools for science
bring to bear
on any problem if you're a
politician steve damn
what you want to be true because
that's what your politics
requires a
you're someone else. walks in
the room knows what is true
that you are in a very different
place
from everyone else in your you
can see through you can see
through this charade
worthy the for songs that people
put up
get to what matters and apply
the solution to that all this
came out in my conversation
with Jimmy Carter